README.md, before:

# go-row
Go-row is a Bluetooth LE bridge, written in Go, to convert a Concept2 PM5 rower into a Bluetooth Cycle Power and Running Speed services.

This lets you to use a Concept2 rower in cycling/runnning games such a Zwift.

## Good to know...
* Runs on Debian, Ubuntu, Raspbian... etc.
* Runs perfectly on a Raspberry Pi Zero W

## But specifically..
* As mentioned, works great on a Raspberry Pi Zero W
* Requires Bluetooth 4.1+ chipsets (allowing clients and servers to run simultaneously)

# Quick Start
## From Source
Assuming a clean install of Raspbian on an Raspberry Pi Zero W...

    apt-get install golang
    go get "github.com/mrverrall/go-row"
    sudo ~/go/bin/go-row

## Raspberry Pi package (deb)
    # Download
    wget https://github.com/mrverrall/go-row/releases/download/v0.0.0-alpha/go-row_0.0.0-alpha_armhf.deb
    # Install
    sudo dpkg -i go-row_0.0.0-alpha_armhf.deb

Cycling cadance is set to 3x the rowing SPM and running cadance 6x.

# Need more info?

## Obtaining and Building
To compile go-row into an executable the Go compliler is required, to install on Raspbian do,

    sudo apt-get install golang

Use 'go get' to download go-row and all it's dependancies,

    go get "github.com/mrverrall/go-row"

This also builds go-row so you can now run it like so,

    sudo ~/go/bin/go-row

## First Row
Ensure your BT device meets minimum version (4.1). Did I mention Raspberry Pis with built in Bluetooth chipsets are fine?

    sudo hciconfig hci0 up
    hciconfig -a

The returned output includes your HCI version, similar to:

    hci0:   Type: Primary  Bus: UART
            ...
            HCI Version: 4.1 (0x7)  Revision: 0x168
            ...

Go-row needs control of your bluetooth hardware. This can be done by either running with with sudo or assigning the capabilities to the go-row executable like so,

    sudo setcap 'cap_net_raw,cap_net_admin=eip' ./go-row

Now you are ready to run (or cycle)!

    ./go-row

## Connecting to your Rower and Game
While go-row is running select 'connect' from the main PM5 menu, connection is then automatic.

Once connected to a PM5 go-row will advertise the cycle and running services over bluetooth. Within your game/app select the 'go-row' device.

Row!

# Installing as a service
It's easy to run go-row automatically on boot. This is ideal if you want a 'plug and play' setup without needing your device (like a Raspberry Pi Zero W) plugged into anything but power. In Raspbian this is acheived with systemd service.

[An example systemd service file is included in this repository](https://github.com/mrverrall/go-row/blob/main/go-row.service).

To install as a boot service with systemd, edit the "ExecStart" path in the service file to the location your compiled go-row executable.

Copy your service file to '/var/lib/systemd/system/go-row.service'. then,

    sudo systemctl daemon-reload
    sudo systemctl enable go-row.service
    sudo systemctl start go-row.service

Check your service is ruuning with,

    sudo systemctl status go-row.service

Commit message:

Tweaks to package install guide

README.md, after:

# go-row
Go-row is a Bluetooth LE bridge, written in Go, to convert a Concept2 PM5 rower into a Bluetooth Cycle Power and Running Speed services.

This lets you to use a Concept2 rower in cycling/runnning games such a Zwift.

Cycling cadance is set to 3x the rowing SPM and running cadance 6x.

## Good to know...
* Runs on Debian, Ubuntu, Raspbian... etc.
* Runs perfectly on a Raspberry Pi Zero W

## But specifically..
* As mentioned, works great on a Raspberry Pi Zero W
* Requires Bluetooth 4.1+ chipsets (allowing clients and servers to run simultaneously)

# Quick Start
## From Source
Assuming a clean install of Raspbian on an Raspberry Pi Zero W...

    apt-get install golang
    go get "github.com/mrverrall/go-row"
    sudo ~/go/bin/go-row

## Raspberry Pi package (deb)
Packages can be download from the [releases page](https://github.com/mrverrall/go-row/releases/tag/v0.0.0-alpha). Install in your usual way, here is an example via the command line, perfect for a headless system.

    # Download
    wget https://github.com/mrverrall/go-row/releases/download/v0.0.0-alpha/go-row_0.0.0-alpha_armhf.deb
    
    # Install
    sudo dpkg -i go-row_0.0.0-alpha_armhf.deb

# Need more info?

## Obtaining and Building
To compile go-row into an executable the Go compliler is required, to install on Raspbian do,

    sudo apt-get install golang

Use 'go get' to download go-row and all it's dependancies,

    go get "github.com/mrverrall/go-row"

This also builds go-row so you can now run it like so,

    sudo ~/go/bin/go-row

## First Row
Ensure your BT device meets minimum version (4.1). Did I mention Raspberry Pis with built in Bluetooth chipsets are fine?

    sudo hciconfig hci0 up
    hciconfig -a

The returned output includes your HCI version, similar to:

    hci0:   Type: Primary  Bus: UART
            ...
            HCI Version: 4.1 (0x7)  Revision: 0x168
            ...

Go-row needs control of your bluetooth hardware. This can be done by either running with with sudo or assigning the capabilities to the go-row executable like so,

    sudo setcap 'cap_net_raw,cap_net_admin=eip' ./go-row

Now you are ready to run (or cycle)!

    ./go-row

## Connecting to your Rower and Game
While go-row is running select 'connect' from the main PM5 menu, connection is then automatic.

Once connected to a PM5 go-row will advertise the cycle and running services over bluetooth. Within your game/app select the 'go-row' device.

Row!

# Installing as a service
It's easy to run go-row automatically on boot. This is ideal if you want a 'plug and play' setup without needing your device (like a Raspberry Pi Zero W) plugged into anything but power. In Raspbian this is acheived with systemd service.

[An example systemd service file is included in this repository](https://github.com/mrverrall/go-row/blob/main/go-row.service).

To install as a boot service with systemd, edit the "ExecStart" path in the service file to the location your compiled go-row executable.

Copy your service file to '/var/lib/systemd/system/go-row.service'. then,

    sudo systemctl daemon-reload
    sudo systemctl enable go-row.service
    sudo systemctl start go-row.service

Check your service is ruuning with,

    sudo systemctl status go-row.service
